well howdy there internet people it's Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about how it can't happen here you know
when I mentioned ethnic cleansing in a
recent video comments section a lot of
people saying that well nobody's
nobody's mentioning the cleansing
nobody's talking about that that's crazy
that can't happen here anyway oh we can
it can there are people talking about it
they don't use that term and they're
more so in their rhetoric but that is
what they're talking about make no
mistake about it it can't happen here
and for the last couple of years you've
had a lot of libertarians and liberals
and certainly conservatives
well that's their first amendment right
we can't censor them first and then that
protects them from the government not
from you not from you they do have a
right they do they could say all the
bigoted idiotic things they want and
they have a right and you have an
obligation to speak over them you have
an obligation to shut them down you have
an obligation to speak up every time
they bring up this nonsense because it
can happen here you know when people say
that it is either American
exceptionalism at work for its latent
racism because when people say it can't
happen here what they really need that
only happens in countries with brown
people when you mentioned genocide
people think of Africa they think of
Rwanda or maybe they think of Nazi
Germany but that was a long time ago and
that was that was something different
that doesn't happen oh yeah yeah there's
a country it was a tourist destination
on the Mediterranean the 1990s pretty
well developed had you know those big
floodlights that they have when they're
doing construction had those on the
roads to the beaches because they were
having to build it up because it was
really coming into its own and then the
country broke up and those floodlights
got drugged behind a building so the
mass rape and murder could continue
through the night when you this mafia
broke up Bosnia right
it can happen here and it will it will
because of those people who refuse to
see horror on Horrors base and that is
what we are dealing with we're dealing
with horror pure unadulterated evil
if you've taken that stance
that well they have a right and I have
to sit here
be silent and maybe even cheerlead form
a little bit to help secure their right
you put around into the magazines that
were used in that shooting because to
them they don't see it as you being
ideologically consistent they see it as
you being too much of a coward to admit
that you agree with them that's what
they see and for some that's probably
true but for others
they've become those people that are too
dumb to take their own side in an
argument it can happen here it will it
has a lot of the mass shootings that
occurred in the United States they have
the same links it's just this time it's
harder for them to spend they can't spin
it off the way they have in other cases
[Music]
see that movement of people and I use
the term people loosely
they're playing on the stupidity and
gullibility of the well-meaning liberal
and the ideological libertarian and the
conservative who's really just in it so
their party can be empowered even though
their party and their president as
outlined in that manifesto is a symbol
of white identity they know what they're
doing if you read that manifesto and you
look at the tailored messages to the
various groups that are inside of it as
a student of propaganda I will tell you
that is a brilliant piece of propaganda
it really is and unless people wake up
to what we're really dealing with what
we're really facing it's gonna work it's
gonna work and then you will find out
yeah it can happen here it can
ethnic cleansing doesn't always take the
form of mass murder ethnic cleansing can
just be removing them making it
uncomfortable for them to be there
making them leave
give me a lot of things
but it always ends one way genocide
that's how it is every single time
and it is where we are headed people
wonder if Trump's going to leave office
peacefully if there will be a peaceful
transition guess that depends on whether
or not he has support to stay in whether
or not he has support depends on whether
or not you speak up this has to be made
unacceptable
history doesn't repeat but it rhymes and
I will tell you right now we are in tune
with a whole lot of very bad situations
you know people say well this is how it
starts no it's really not this is a
couple steps in we are a couple steps in
already
and the only thing that's going to
change it is you because the government
will end up being complicit in it it's
how it works how it always works
anyway it's just a fall y'all have a
good night